Privacy Policy 
The defined terms as set forth in the Toast App Terms of Use are incorporated herein.    
THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED, HOW THIS IS DONE, WHAT IT IS USED FOR, AND TO WHOM Toast App DISCLOSES THIS INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES.  BY YOUR USING THIS APP, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE Toast App TERMS OF USE. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If significant material changes are made, the “last update” date as shown above will be revised. You should check back regularly to keep abreast of our current policies.  
By using this App you agree that Toast App and its affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage, other applications installed on your device and other information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, OS type and version, IP address, time zone, device carrier, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device (“User Data”). Additionally, User Data may be shared with third parties that enter into business transaction and agreements with Toast App. User Data will be used for various purposes as determined solely by Toast App, including, but not limited to, contacting you, troubleshooting, future feature development, and advertising. If you do not agree to the transmission of the User Data as set forth above, please do not use the Application.    Types of Information Collected  By using this App you agree that Toast App, its agents, affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device. Additionally, you agree to the terms of the Toast App Privacy Policy. You certify that all information provided to us is and will be true, accurate, current and complete. You authorize us to create and maintain an account for you and collect information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. As described in our Privacy Policy, you consent to us obtaining, analyze, sort, and present certain information or features about you.    The information we collect fit into two general categories:      
1. Personal Information  This information identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, social media handles or user names or phone number.      
2. Non-personal Information  This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like gender, income or what types of products you’re interest in. When Personal Information and Non-personal Information are combined, it is treated as Personal Information.      
Information We Do Not Collect  We do not collect personal directory data such as calendar, address book, phone/text log or photo/ video data created by you and stored or accessed on your device.      
How We Collect Information  We collect information about you in three general ways:    Information you provide to us. Information automatically collected. Information provided to us by third parties.    Information You Provide  By using the App or creating accounts therein, you directly provide Toast App with certain information. Additionally, when you communicate with Toast App outside of the App your provide information about yourself (e.g. your phone number, name or email address).      
Information Automatically Collected  By using our software and its associated services (collectively “Application”), we collect information about you that includes, usage information, device information, installed apps on your device, location information, website information, IP addresses, ads your see, ads you click on and interact with, preferences, and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.      
Information Provided By Third Parties  By using the App, User Data is collected and transmitted to third parties for analytics and other research. These third parties may combine the information we provide with information the third party has collected from other sources about you. This information may then be provided to Toast App for its analysis, marketing, or feature development among other uses.    Disclosure of Information  We allow third-parties to collect certain information when you use our app. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your usage in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.    Interest-Based Ads  Some of our third-party providers or business partners are advertising networks, marketing partners, publishers and other entities who perform analytics and advertise our products and service not affiliated with us (“Advertising Service Providers”). In connection with these advertising services, we or our Advertising Service Providers may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect behavioral information about how you interact with your mobile device in order to perform tracking and marketing analytics or serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.    Disclosure of Information  Toast App discloses information collected when it is necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information if Toast App determines that it is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use or protect our operations or other users.    We also disclose your information to those to whom you send messages, strategic partners of Toast App, in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregated or de-identified information may be shared as Toast App deems appropriate.  
  
We reserve the right to access, use, preserve, transfer or disclose, at any time without notice to you, any information (including Personal Information) as reasonably necessary to:    Comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena or legal process, or respond to any governmental requests and cooperate with law enforcement, if we believe such action is required or permitted by law;  
Enforce our Terms of Use, including investigating any potential violations;  
Protect the safety, integrity, rights or security of our users, our App or equipment, or any third party; or  
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues related to our App or our business affiliates.      
Security of Information  Toast App takes precautions – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.    Children  We do not knowingly collect personal information for users under thirteen years of age. If you are under thirteen years of age or do not possess parental consent to install and use this application, you are not allowed to use this Application.    Last Updated: July 1, 2019
